Reduces friction for CUJ "I want to know about the supported manifest keys" (#4255)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/manifest/key/index.md

layout: "layouts/doc-post.njk"
title: "Manifest - Key"
date: 2013-05-12
updated: 2022-11-29
description: Reference documentation for the key property of manifest.json.
---

> This value can be used to maintain the unique ID of an extension, or theme when it is loaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value maintains the unique ID of an extension, or theme when it is loaded
```

Reviewer: Omit needless words.

Would 'stores' be a better verb?
